Add Logging Instructions for PFMultiplayer Android SDKs (#4)
PlayFab/PlayFabMultiplayer: TraceScripts/README.md

xbtrace /x:<xboxip> stop
```

## iOS, macOS, and Android

The PlayFab Multiplayer C++ library for iOS, macOS, and Android includes logging capabilities with a configurable verbosity level. Logging configuration is defined in `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file which can be deployed alongside your application.

> When this file is detected by the application (and the PFMultiplayer library) at runtime, it will use it to enable logging as configured. The following verbosity levels are currently supported:

Reviewer: perhaps sligthly simpler/easier to read?
```suggestion
When this file is detected by the PFMultiplayer library at runtime within your application, it will use it to enable logging as configured. The following verbosity levels are currently supported:
```

2. Enable **FileSharing** for your application, this can be done through the **Info.plist** file of your application.
3. Copy the `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file into the `~/Documents` directory.
4. Run the application.
5. Locate the output log inside the directory specified by the "logFolder" property of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`.

### Android: Instructions

> **Note: Gathering PlayFabMultiplayer Logs on Android only works for Android API 29 and below, due to Google's app-scoped storage permission changes for Android API 30 and beyond. This will be fixed in a future release.**

> > *Note: Relevant documentation for copying files to and from Android devices can be found [here](https://developer.android.com/tools/adb#copyfiles).*

Reviewer: is there a reason the first Note appears bolded and the second italicized?

Author: I wanted to convey levels of importance in the notes - the second note isn't super crucial, it's just additional details, whereas the first note is very crucial.

Reviewer: gotcha. I think I see what you mean. I'm fine deferring to your preference here and don't feel strongly but think the two notes stacked on top of each other like that look a little funky. Ultimately not the end of the world though :)

Author: Yeah, I see what you mean...I think I'll keep it unbolded, but will remove the italicization.

1. Download the [`PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file](Android/PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json) from this repo.
2. Connect the Android device to host machine running Android Studio/Android Debug Bridge (adb).

> 3. Enable USB Debugging on your Android device ([relevant documentation](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/dev-options#Enable-debugging)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable USB Debugging on your Android device by following the ([Android USB Debugging documentation](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/dev-options#Enable-debugging)).
```

4. Open a new terminal that has ADB. Double-check that your device is readable from ADB with 
```
$> adb devices -l
```
5. Create your `config` directory on the Android device.

>     a. Please note that you need to create this directory before pushing the config file to your Android device due to ADB limitations.
> 
>     b. You'll also need to create the directories one level at a time due to ADB limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a. Please note that you need to create this directory before pushing the config file to your Android device due to ADB limitations.
    b. You'll also need to create the directories one level at a time due to ADB limitations.
```

unnecessary newline between the (a) and (b) subbullets? #Resolved

Author: It looks that way in the markdown itself, but I need to add a second newline in order for it to show properly in the markdown renderer.

Reviewer: I think what that suggests is that maybe markdown doesn't recognize a/b to be proper subbullets

consider switching to just using regular bullets or numbered bullets again

using VS Code's markdown renderer as one data point it seems to render things incorrectly only when using a/b

![image](https://github.com/PlayFab/PlayFabMultiplayer/assets/43357130/d133c81e-254d-4ede-99d3-5e606ecbd3eb)

Author: Oh that's weird, I'll make them regular bullets.

Reviewer: this is marked resolved but I don't see the changes in the latest push

Reviewer: oh wait now it is :P

```
$> adb shell mkdir /sdcard/PlayFabLogs/
&> adb shell mkdir /sdcard/PlayFabLogs/config/
```
6. Push the downloaded `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json` file to your Android device via
```
$> adb push <filepath>/PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json /sdcard/PlayFabLogs/config/
```
7. Run the application. If using the default configuration of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`, logs should automatically be written to `/sdcard/PlayFabLogs/log/`. If not, logs will be written to the directory specified by the "logFolder" property of `PlayFabMultiplayerLogger.json`.

> 7. Once you're satisfied with the accrued logs, you can retrieve them from the device via ADB as well. This will pull the entire `log/` directory from the Android device into the target directory on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once you've collected your logs, you can retrieve them from the device via ADB. The following ADB command will pull the entire `log/` directory from the Android device into the target directory on your computer.
```

```

> $> adb pull /sdcard/PlayFabLogs/log/ <target local directory>

Reviewer: maybe worth a note below this or in the preceeding sentence to change the source directory to match your json's logFolder property if that has been changed from the default.

Author: yeah that's a good call. Will add.

Reviewer: ditto. marked resolved but doesn't appear to be resolved after last push

Reviewer: oh whoops. there it is :)

Reviewer: oh wait nevermind I stand corrected :)
